# ClaimIt
The Project present mobile application aims to assist university students finding their lost item more conveniently. University students oftens carry a lot of items as they navigate to class, canteen, library and many other places during the day. There is a high probability one might forget something. With the vast area of the university, it is very difficult to find some items if you have lost them. Even when someone found them and gave them to the university. Our project seeks to address and solve this problem by connecting students with university staff through the application, allowing them to search for their lost item and get notified when a similar item has been found.

The project outlines the requirements of the application begins from the features that general lost and found counters have including having a list of information for lost item reported, found item that people turn in to them, adding the person who receives a certain item. With additional requirements such as item search and filter, email matching and notify with some criteria such as item category and image similarity, and predefined item name to help users when filling the item information.

In conclusion, Our application aims to streamline the process of managing lost and found items within university. By providing a mobile application as a platform to connect users with administrators, allowing them to find their lost item more effectively than posting via social media or line open chat. With the goal of enhancing the overall experience of finding the lost item and reclaiming them back.
